Hello, and welcome to XeMODeX.
My name is Meriam.
Today I'll introduce to you, our Pre-Programmed Brake Control Module for Volvo.
Our BCM is the direct replacement for your original unit with the part number 8671224 stamped right on it.
It will fit any 2002 to 2004 Volvo model, with or without tracs or stc.
Pre-Programmed BCM are not available for cars with DSTC.
For cars equipped with this option, we do offer the repair and return service.
The most unique feature in the XeMODeX BCM, is that it comes pre-loaded with software.
Eliminating the need for software reload after the part is installed in the car.
That's right! Simply provide us with your VIN number.
And we will download the appropriate software to the BCM at our facility prior to shipping the part over to you.
Once our BCM is installed in your car, it will work right away. A true "Plug and Play"!
Pre-Programmed BCM are not available at your local Volvo dealer.
They can only supply you with blank units that require expensive software reload.
Another unique feature in the XeMODeX Brake Control Module is the addition of the aluminium cover.
This heat dissipating device keeps the coil driver cool and ensures a long lasting part. We guarantee it for life.
Along with pre-programmed versions of our BCM, we also offer a repair and return service on all Volvo BCM modules.
Units are tested and repair in the same day.
If you'd like to know more information about this product, please call our toll-free number at 1-888-712-2525.
Or visit us at our website www.xemodex.com.
Order your BCM online and receive a 5% discount off of your purchase price.
Use coupon code XEMOWEB14.
Thank you for watching, and have a wonderful day.